feat(projects): add instructions for creating a Gradientº Project PS-9449 PS-9406 (#2)
Paperspace/Docs: projects/create-a-project.md

# Create a Gradientº Project

## About

> As of 7.0, a Gradientº Project that represents a container for running Experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 7.0, a Gradientº Project represents a container for running Experiments.
```

Author: good catch. i'm actually thinking now that `container` might be a fraught term as well (in the context of docker, etc.). it felt better than `collection`, but maybe that or `group`  is more appropriate. thoughts?

> They can be powered by GradientCI (and GitHub), or alternately they can be "Standalone".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects can be powered by GradientCI (and GitHub), or alternatively they can be "Standalone".
```

Author: hah, `alternately` and `alternatively` are apparently the same in North America, according to google ;)

GradientCI Projects allow you to automatically run experiments simply based on pushing code to a GitHub repository.

Standalone Projects require you to provide the code and run new experiments manually, just like running Jobs prior to 7.0.

## Creating a GradientCI Project via the Paperspace Console

To create a Gradient° Project with continuous integration powered by GradientCI and GitHub:</p>

1. Install the [GradientCI](https://github.com/apps/gradientci) GitHub app on your repository. (GitHub Admin privilege is required.)

> 1. Navigate to the Projects page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [Projects page](https://www.paperspace.com/console/projects).
```

1. Click Create Project.
1. Select GitHub Project.
1. Grant Paperspace access to your GitHub repos via OAuth.
1. Confirm a repo with GradientCI installed for your new Gradient° Project.

Voilà! GradientCI will run a new experiment whenever:
1. a new commit is pushed to the linked repo's default branch;
1. a PR is opened against that default branch;

> 1. a commit is pushed such a PR's branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. a commit is pushed to such a PR's branch.
```

# Create a Gradientº Project

## About

> As of 7.0, a Gradientº Project represents a container for running Experiments.

Author: ```suggestion
As of 7.0, a Gradientº Project is a creative workspace for a team or user to run Experiments.
```

> Projects can be powered by GradientCI (and GitHub), or alternatively they can be "Standalone".

Author: ```suggestion
Projects can be powered by GradientCI (via GitHub), or alternatively they can be "Standalone".
```

> GradientCI Projects allow you to automatically run experiments simply based on pushing code to a GitHub repository.

Author: ```suggestion
GradientCI Projects allow you to run Experiments automatically simply by pushing code to a GitHub repository.
```

> Standalone Projects require you to provide the code and run new experiments manually, just like running Jobs prior to 7.0.

Author: ```suggestion
Standalone Projects require you to provide the code and run new Experiments manually, just like running Jobs prior to 7.0.
```

## Creating a GradientCI Project via the Paperspace Console

To create a Gradient° Project with continuous integration powered by GradientCI and GitHub:</p>

1. Install the [GradientCI](https://github.com/apps/gradientci) GitHub app on your repository. (GitHub Admin privilege is required.)
1. Navigate to the [Projects page](https://www.paperspace.com/console/projects).
1. Click Create Project.
1. Select GitHub Project.
1. Grant Paperspace access to your GitHub repos via OAuth.
1. Confirm a repo with GradientCI installed for your new Gradient° Project.

Voilà! GradientCI will run a new experiment whenever:
1. a new commit is pushed to the linked repo's default branch;
1. a PR is opened against that default branch;
1. a commit is pushed to such a PR's branch.

## Creating a Standalone Paperspace Project via the Paperspace Console

> 1. Begin the Create Project flow and supply a project name.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Begin the Create Project flow and supply a Project name.
```

> 1. Run experiments manually for the Project via the Experiment Builder or [the CLI](https://github.com/Paperspace/paperspace-python).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Run Experiments manually for the Project via the Experiment Builder or [the CLI](https://github.com/Paperspace/paperspace-python).
```

```

> This creates a `.ps_project/config.json` file in the current directory to cache information about the project, such as the name, or the last job created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a `.ps_project/config.yaml` file in the current directory to cache information about the project, such as the name, or the last job created.
```

Reviewer: I believe our config files are only `.yaml` now and not `.json` – @ultrabluewolf can you confirm?

Reviewer 2: That's correct, it's yaml.
